XTR docs and training/eval boilerplate (#215)
lightonai/pylate: docs/documentation/retrieval.md

```

## XTR Retrieval

> PyLate's token-index retrievers (e.g. `retrieve.ColBERT` on a `ScaNN` or `Voyager` index) all share the same first stage: for each query token, the index returns its top-`k_token` document tokens with similarity scores. What differs is the **scoring step that turns those hits into a per-document score**. `retrieve.ColBERT` pools the candidate documents from the hits, fetches their cached embeddings from the index, and re-scores them with the full MaxSim. [XTR](https://arxiv.org/abs/2304.01982) (conteXtual Token Retrieval) instead **scores documents directly from the per-token-hit scores** themselves — for each query token, a document gets credit for the maximum score it received in that token's top-`k_token` list, summed across query tokens, with the **minimum retrieved score** imputed for query tokens that didn't surface any of its tokens (matching the original XTR paper).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyLate's two-stage indexes (e.g. `retrieve.ColBERT` on a `ScaNN` or `Voyager` index) all share the same first stage: for each query token, the index returns its top-`k_token` document tokens with similarity scores. What differs is the **scoring step that turns those hits into a per-document score**. `retrieve.ColBERT` pools the candidate documents from the hits, fetches their embeddings from the index, and re-scores them with the full MaxSim. [XTR](https://arxiv.org/abs/2304.01982) (conteXtual Token Retrieval) instead **scores documents directly from the per-token-hit scores** themselves. For each query token, a document gets credit for the maximum score it received in that token's top-`k_token` list, summed across query tokens, with the **minimum retrieved score** imputed for query tokens that didn't surface any of its tokens (matching the original XTR paper).
```
